Touch Dream Privacy Policy

Touch Dream ("Touch Dream" or "We") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our online users ("users" or "you"). This Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") has been crafted to inform you the ways We collect, store, use, and manage the information you provide in connection with any Touch Dream game or application ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only limited to the information collected from Touch Dream through the use of the Service.

By using the Service, you agree to the collection and the use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and We encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.

Information Collection and Use
The main objective of Touch Dream in collecting user information is to enhance the Service and enable users to navigate easily with a more enjoyable experience.

When you install any of the Touch Dream games or applications, We may collect and record the information you provide us voluntarily through www.facebook.com ("Facebook") in agreement with the policies and terms of Facebook.

The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may vary depending on the activity. This "personal information" is defined as information about you that We can use to contact or identify you. Personal information may include:

(1) Your name,

(2) Facebook user identification number,

(3) Email address.

Additionally, We may obtain information from you through

(1) Your access and participation in message boards on the Service

(2) Your email of a question to our customer support

(3) Your purchase of a virtual product of any type.

Please note that the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service are managed by a third party, We would not be able to have access to your credit card details and billing information.

Touch Dream may also invite you to share non-personal information about yourself which may include but is not limited to:

(1) Your age or date of birth

(2) Your gender

(3) Information about the hardware you may own

(4) Your favorite websites, friend information and fan pages (collectively referred to as "non-personal information")

Touch Dream may combine your collected non-personal information with your personal information in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience when both of them are required for an activity. The Service will also record game play information such as your high scores or game session duration. They will be used to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze how our Service is used.

In addition to the information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any action you perform with other players are considered public and your sole discretion.

Finally, any time you access the Service, We may collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. We use this information to better tailor the Service to your interests, and provide you with more efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Service.

In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties and will only be used to guarantee your use of the Service and its improvement.

Other Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You understand and agree that We may be required to disclose personal information. If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of the public. Please note that Touch Dream is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that Touch Dream may receive.

Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to Touch Dream’s successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.

Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that We transfer to your computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit, such as your preferences, user name and password. The Service sends cookies to your computer when you get access to or view the contents of a Touch Dream game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes, such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.

Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Touch Dream endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. Touch Dream is not responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites which you choose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.

Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information by changing the applicable information in your Facebook profile page. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and We will make a prompt response to the request if We are not legally obligated to retain the record.

Security
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures and use your personal information for improper purposes. Moreover, please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so We discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.

Policy Regarding Children
The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If We learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information We will delete such information from our files as soon as possible.

Contacting Us
Should you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at cloudcloudgame@outlook.com
